Add a short description about bugbug (#574)
mozilla/bugbug: README.md

[![Task Status](https://github.taskcluster.net/v1/repository/mozilla/bugbug/master/badge.svg)](https://github.taskcluster.net/v1/repository/mozilla/bugbug/master/badge.svg)

> Bugbug aims at leveraging machine learning approaches to help with bug and quality managements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bugbug aims at leveraging machine learning techniques to help with bug and quality management, and other software engineering tasks.
```
